- [Instructor] The first item processor we'll take a look at
is the bean validating item processor.
This is a processor that Spring Batch
provides out of the box.
We can use it to validate the items read into a step.
To determine if an item is valid,
the bean validating item processor
consults JSR 380 validation annotations placed on a bean.
Let's take a look at how we can configure
this item processor for validation within our batch job.
We'll start out by taking a look
at the Palm file for our project.
You'll notice within the Palm
that we've had to add some dependencies
in order to support the JSR 380 annotations,
so we added the hibernate validator,
we added the EL API dependency
as well as the EL dependency from Java EE,
and then a jax B implementation from GlassFish.
Those will need to be within your Palm,
they're included within the working files for this lesson,
so if you're starting out from those, you'll be fine.
Okay, let's navigate back to our application,
and we're going to start building
our first item processor implementation.
And to do that, we're going to start
with our chunk based step, and here you can see,
we have our chunk, we have our reader,
and then between the reader and the writer,
we're going to add a processor.
And I'm going to add a stub method
to provide the item processor as a bean.
So I'll just name that method,
the order validating item processor,
and then we can just hover over that error message
and hit control one and that gives us the option
for it to generate our method.
I'll go ahead and grab that order validating
item processor method, and I'm going to move it to the top
of our class, it just works to organize it that way.
And then our new item processor is going to be a bean,
so let's go ahead and add the bean annotation to our method
and then we'll change it over to a public method.
The next thing we'll do is we're going to simplify
the type arguments supplied on the item processor interface,
so we're going to specify the input to this processor
as order, and the output of this processor
will be order as well, so we're not doing
any transformation, we're just going to be validating
the orders passed into this processor,
and then we're going to be outputting
those orders that are valid.
Okay, now we can start to define that processor
within our configuration.
So within the framework you'll find the bean validating
item processor, it accepts a generic type argument,
which is the type of the object
that you would like to validate.
I'm going to name this object item processor,
and then we'll just use the constructor
to create a new instance of this item processor,
and then we just have to supply one single configuration.
On this item processor, we're able to set whether or not
the processor will filter, in our case,
we would like it to filter.
The alternative is for the processor to throw an error
when there's a validation exception.
In this case, we're just going to continue processing,
we're just not going to process those items
that cannot pass the validation
enforced by this item processor.
So we won't throw an error, we'll continue processing.
And then from this bean method we're going to go ahead
and return the item processor,
and now we have everything configured
for our bean validating item processor.
We'll need to do one thing at this point,
we're going to hop over to our order pogo,
and here's where we can place those JSR 280 annotations.
So within this class is where we can specify
the JSR 380 bean validation annotations.
Those annotations allow us to annotate a field
and provide criteria that will determine whether or not
the value in that field is valid.
So we're just going to apply one validation.
We're going to use the pattern annotation,
and within the pattern annotation,
we're going to specify the reg expression element,
and we're going to configure the expression
to only allow government emails, so our processor
is going to limit all of our orders to those
placed by individuals that have a government email address.
So here you can see the regular expression
to limit to .gov emails, and once that is in place
our configuration is complete, and we can hop over
to the terminal, and from here we'll just kick off
the script that will build and run our job.
Okay, so we see the job start to execute,
and it looks like it has completed.
So let's go check the data directory,
where we are writing our output as Jason
in the shift underscore orders underscore output.Jason file,
and if we inspect that file, what you're going to notice
is that the email addresses of all the individuals
within the file are .gov.
So these are all fictional emails,
they're not real individuals,
but we have used our item processor
to appropriately apply our validation.
We'll take a look at some additional item processors
coming up in our next lesson.